README.md, before:

# Course Project for Advanced Optimization and Game Theory for Energy Systems (Prof Jalal Kazempour, DTU, January 2021)

**Author**: Sebastian Troitzsch

## Installation

1. Check requirements:
    - [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/) Python 3.6 environment
    - [Gurobi Optimizer](http://www.gurobi.com/) (tested with version 9.1.0)
2. In Anaconda Prompt, from this directory, run:
    1. `conda install -c conda-forge cvxpy numpy pandas tslearn scikit-learn==0.23`
    2. `pip install -v -e fledge`

## Contents

- [`step_1.pdf`](step_1.pdf): Report for Step 1: Solving the problem in a deterministic manner.
- [`step_2.pdf`](step_2.pdf): Report for Step 2: Solving the problem under uncertainty.
- [`scripts/step_1.py`](scripts/step_1.py): Run script for Step 1: Solving the problem in a deterministic manner.
- [`scripts/step_2.py`](scripts/step_2.py): Run script for Step 2: Solving the problem under uncertainty.
- [`results/`](results/): Results from the run scripts.

## Github

This code is also available on GitHub: <https://github.com/stroitzsch/advanced_optimization_course_project>

Commit message:

step_3.pdf & README: Add step 3 report & minor fix

README.md, after:

# Course Project for Advanced Optimization and Game Theory for Energy Systems (Prof Jalal Kazempour, DTU, January 2021)

**Author**: Sebastian Troitzsch

## Installation

1. Check requirements:
    - [Anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/distribution/) Python 3.7 environment
    - [Gurobi Optimizer](http://www.gurobi.com/) (tested with version 9.1.0)
2. In Anaconda Prompt, from this directory, run:
    1. `conda install -c conda-forge cvxpy numpy pandas tslearn scikit-learn==0.23`
    2. `pip install -v -e fledge`

## Contents

- [`step_1.pdf`](step_1.pdf): Report for Step 1: Solving the problem in a deterministic manner.
- [`step_2.pdf`](step_2.pdf): Report for Step 2: Solving the problem under uncertainty.
- [`step_3.pdf`](step_3.pdf): Report for Step 3: Solving the problem as a bilevel program.
- [`scripts/step_1.py`](scripts/step_1.py): Run script for Step 1: Solving the problem in a deterministic manner.
- [`scripts/step_2.py`](scripts/step_2.py): Run script for Step 2: Solving the problem under uncertainty.
- [`scripts/step_3.py`](scripts/step_3.py): Run script for Step 3: Solving the problem a bilevel program.
- [`results/`](results/): Results from the run scripts.

## Github

This code is also available on GitHub: <https://github.com/stroitzsch/advanced_optimization_course_project>
